WHAT DOES IT guys and what KMAX an now in this video will be adding a first ever product you can see.
Now we have two tabs right now here is a tight in store if I just go over that side you can see that
I have the blog page as my home page OK.
And then the shop badge here it should show all the products that we have right now.
So here in the shop age people show all the products.
Let's add a product and see how it's going to look.
So we have two options to add a product.
We can just come here and then we can hit add Neal or we can just wear mouse here and I can see Tay's
products so we can even click here as well.
And it's going to redirect to the new page.
OK.
So here we have to enter the product name the product name that I would be answering would be my t shirt
for men.
OK.
You can see that this is the product that I am going to add.
This is my product name.
OK.
And then I have the description of the product so I can add any of the description.
Let's let's go to the Lipscombe dot com.
OK.
And let's copy the whole off the feed that they gave.
So let's just head generate larm it's him let's copy everything from here.
I'm going to copy this whole let's copy from and let's paste it right now.
So you can see this has been pasted right here.
And then I have to access the categories so we have the categories.
These are created by already.
OK.
And then the categories that I will be going up would be a series hoodies or T-shirt.
So I'll be selecting the east T-shirt.
I can also add a new category by just clicking here.
OK.
So here we have the tags pray here so I can enter the tax rate here and that is going to be T-shirt
men trending and 2017 and then when they hit enter and again CDs are added right here.
So then I have to enter the product image so you can also call it as featured image.
So this will be the featured image for this product that is going to appear.
Now I want to grab the product made so let's just go ahead and let's add the product image.
I'm going to go to
T-shirts Hey And let's just grab some.
So I'm just going to come here to that image right here and you can see this is the imagery here or
this or this or this or just go ahead and that let's just scrap this image OK.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to view image.
You can see the images right here.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to save a major.
So I'm just going to be saved.
I'm going to go to here and I'm going to save it in the desktop.
You can see this has been saved.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to set product image I wanted faggot this and I want to drop it right here so you can see
this is exactly the same.
OK.
This is uploading once this is uploaded.
I'm going to set product image.
This product is just going to be said.
I can also add the product gallery images so if you want to show more of these shirts like if you want
to show a different angle of the shirt that the shirt would be slightly here and I can show that so
I can select the gallery.
I can just come here I can upload the files I can just add the product in the gallery.
So for gallery it's just come here and look at some of the images.
Let's suppose this is my first one.
This is my first one this is my second one.
OK.
Let's say no pain and you can see these should be uploaded as well.
Hey you can see these are right here.
Here we go.
I'm just going to hit to gallery and you can see these two products are right here so these are the
demo.
OK.
And then we have this thing right here.
This is the regular price.
And then we have the sale price right here.
OK.
So the regular price is going to be 25 and the sale price will be discussing later on.
So first we have to just enter the regular price right now.
OK.
And then we have the product data.
It can be a simple product from affiliate variable so we will be discussing everything later on.
Okay.
And we will go advance.
Then we have the virtual product so this is like there are intangible or not cannot be shared.
So if you selected the people don't have to enter the shipping address in something like that and it
will not be shared they are instantly delivered products so it can also add a downloadable product like
a software or anything or here and here it would be for a service or something like that so you can
vary the date.
Okay and then we have the short description right here below.
So I'm going to add a short description let's just copy the Larkham some still here.
I'm going to come here I'm going to hit copy and then I'm going to hit paste.
Okay.
And here we go you can see everything is totally up and running and this is our product tray here.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish right now.
Okay.
And on publishing you can see that ities product published so let's just go ahead let's just visit our
store and let's have a look at our Shoprite here.
So you can see this is the first product that we have added.
And congratulations guys you can see this is the first ever product that we have it added.
If I just open it up you can see this is how this product is looking.
We have the images of the product.
I can just click here.
It's going to zoom off OK.
And then I have the whole gallery of the images that we have right here so you can just add the gallery.
OK.
This is the image that I just added to show you how the images work.
You can see the zooming functionality and everything as well.
Here we have the price.
And here we have the short description OK.
And then we have the category that is t shirt and then we have the x ray here and the description.
So if I just go to revues right here the people can also review this product and enter his review.
OK.
So congratulations guys we have added our first ever product.
Now we know how to add products in the next video.
We will be working with the settings of the commerce because they are very important and we have to
understand each and every setting.
I just wanted to spice it up.
That is why I assure you that how can you add a product.
OK and now you guys already know it so do not just leave this course.
These settings are really very important and you have to understand each and every settings.
OK.
So make sure that you guys stick here and not go anywhere.
And then we will be learning how to add different type of products how to add options that people can
select the color and select the size and everything.
So there are so many things that we have to learn.
We're not totally done.
OK so in the next video we will be working up to that.
Stay tuned guys and I hope you like this video.
Goodbye.